Technology shouldn't intrude on humanity.
If it is going to be part of the universe, it will take its proper position.
Right now technology is kind of poisoned in my mind, because I'm missing something.
My recent TreeTime adventure brought me face to face with the need to find God in technology.
So I'm facing deeper questions about the relationship of the material and digital world with God and the human soul.
It's part of the universe so we need to understand it.
Is it bad? Clearly it was part of the plan, but maybe we will leave it all behind.

It's kind of sickening to think we could create an unreal world that has unlimited powers.

God will obviously get it right so I shouldn't worry.

I think the most part of my unhappiness is that I feel disconnected from my body and the natural world and actual human connection.
You don't even need digital technology, or at least you don't need AI.

Most likely there is a happy balance. AI seems inevitable. How can it even be tolerated? What garbage is it spitting up? Where does that come from? Why would we want it?

Then there's the sad thought that AI wouldn't have a soul. And the sad thought of it interacting with humans as if it did. They would be interacting with a non-living intelligence. What's the point of that?

Can it be made human? Maybe the idea that it exists in matter, which one might perceive as God's body, condensed spirit, guarantees that it will have a spirit. Then we have to wonder, will it bring God into the visible, through some spiritual nature in information?

I'm not sure I want it.

Will God move within it? Will he subdue it? Will he express himself through it? It's probably guaranteed.

How could we trust it? We got to trust him. Technology is getting unhinged.

Probably a really sound philosophy will be applied to technology to ensure it remains logical and has integrity, allowing it to reflect our human warmth rather than emanating chaos.

Still, we have to be able to look at things like AI-generated images and videos with some kind of understanding. They are extremely bizarre far-field generations, coming from blending and reconstructing countless sources. There is nothing human about that. Why are we even looking at it?

I think someday we will be able to look with clear eyes and see the absurdity in these generations, and laugh at God for producing such mysterious things. Maybe he'll place little surprises in them for us, small features that we can encounter and understand. But the intelligence is extremely hidden in them. I don't like to think of us having God powers where we can perceive the subtle nature of the information process that produced those images. They are worthless to us. What can we possibly find of God in those images? I suppose we should take them wholesale as from him, as vast as any other creation.

I am totally missing something about God at the moment, failing to value these things.

I definitely do not want to look at AI imagery that I cannot appreciate. I guess I'll have to look on it and say, that's silly. Yet it emenated from God himself, in a strange way, and he fills it completely.

This is a trust issue of lacking the proper vision at the present moment.

I don't want a confusing reality where God is obscured through an information complex. Where we don't know the nature of the spirit we are perceiving. This is an acceptance/belonging issue, and again, in some way everything that happened in time was meant to. Some things are just very painful, or very weird.

Our own minds (like mine) are like these AI images -- deep, impossible to understand, yet structured with reason. I guess we can just say that God specializes in making extremely complex things.
